Add IRK instructions for android (#37117)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/private_ble_device.markdown

7. You will have to enter your password, then enter your username and password.
8. macOS will show some XML. You are looking for the "Remote IRK" field. After there is a data field that contains a base64 encoded version of your Identity Resolving Key.

> ### On Windows / For Android
> 
> If you have a rooted Android phone, the IRK (and LTKs) can be viewed in the file `/data/misc/bluedroid/bt_config.conf`. The LE_LOCAL_KEY_IRK specifies the Android device's own IRK, and the first 16 bytes of LE_KEY_PID for every bonded device in the file indicate the bonded device's IRK. Be aware that keys stored in this file are little endian, so the byte order of keys in this file will need to be reversed. For example, the little endian IRK 22BC0E3F2EACF08EE36B865553EA0B4E needs to be changed to 4E0BEA5355866BE38EF0AC2E3F0EBC22.
> 
> Alternatively, the IRK of an Android phone and/or secondary device can be obtained using Wireshark:
> 
> 1. On the Android phone, enable "USB Debugging" and "Enable Bluetooth HCI snoop log" options in developer settings.
> 2. Ensure a second Bluetooth device (e.g., smart watch or earbuds) is unpaired
> 3. Disable and re-enable Bluetooth on the phone then re-pair the secondary device
> 4. Connect the Android phone to a computer with [adb](https://developer.android.com/tools/adb) installed
> 5. Establish an adb connection (`adb connect...`) then run the command: `adb bugreport scanwatch`
> 6. In the generated `scanwatch.zip` file, locate and extract `FS\data\misc\bluetooth\logs\btsnoop_hci.log`
> 7. Open `btsnoop_hci.log` in [Wireshark](https://www.wireshark.org/download.html) and search for `btsmp.id_resolving_key`
> 8. Select one of the frames and expand the "Bluetooth Security Manager Protocol". Either the sending or receiving device IRK will be visible in the hex dump.
> 9. Reverse the value displayed. e.g if it is `763af6c7f7d94ad6c262158e2320544e`, the IRK to use would be: `4e5420238e1562c2d64ad9f7c7f63a76`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### On Windows / For Android

If you have a rooted Android phone, the IRK (and LTKs) can be viewed in the file `/data/misc/bluedroid/bt_config.conf`. The LE_LOCAL_KEY_IRK specifies the Android device's own IRK, and the first 16 bytes of LE_KEY_PID for every bonded device in the file indicate the bonded device's IRK. Be aware that keys stored in this file are a little-endian, so the byte order of keys in this file will need to be reversed. For example, the little-endian IRK 22BC0E3F2EACF08EE36B865553EA0B4E needs to be changed to 4E0BEA5355866BE38EF0AC2E3F0EBC22.

Alternatively, the IRK of an Android phone and/or secondary device can be obtained using Wireshark:

1. In developer settings on the Android phone, enable the "USB Debugging" and "Enable Bluetooth HCI snoop log" options.
2. Ensure a second Bluetooth device (e.g., smartwatch or earbuds) is unpaired.
3. Disable and re-enable Bluetooth on the phone ,then re-pair the secondary device.
4. Connect the Android phone to a computer with [adb](https://developer.android.com/tools/adb) installed.
5. Establish an adb connection (`adb connect...`), then run the command: `adb bugreport scanwatch`.
6. In the generated `scanwatch.zip` file, locate and extract `FS\data\misc\bluetooth\logs\btsnoop_hci.log`.
7. Open `btsnoop_hci.log` in [Wireshark](https://www.wireshark.org/download.html) and search for `btsmp.id_resolving_key`.
8. Select one of the frames and expand the "Bluetooth Security Manager Protocol." The hex dump will show either the sending or receiving device IRK.
9. Reverse the value displayed. For example, if it is `763af6c7f7d94ad6c262158e2320544e`, the IRK to use would be: `4e5420238e1562c2d64ad9f7c7f63a76`.
```
